Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
There are a lot
of wildfires right now.
They've all been lit quite
recently by lightning.
There's one that's maybe
like three or four miles
from our camp...
which is...
a problem.
30-year-old Parker Schnabel
is on a path to a record
$35 million season.
But intense wildfires could
shut him down at any moment.
Holy [bleep]!
Oh. wow.
Big fire.
Dude. that is a rager. huh?
So right now. the film crew
safety is telling us
that we have to get out
of the truck.
You can feel the heat?
Really?
How come?
I just don't think
this is a good idea to be
in this situation.
Obviously. you have
a job to do. but the fact
that we can see it means
it's not moving fast towards us.
If it was moving
fast towards us.
this would be all black smoke
where we're standing.
I'm just going to Sulphur.
Just gonna go check in
with the boys.
Like. when you can't see it
and all you can see is smoke is
when it's really sketchy.
Let's go!
Come on.
Over the last week.
the Yukon has ignited
into an inferno.
Ninety three wildfires
are raging...
...covering an area
of over 250.000 acres.
With a strong wind.
they can travel
over 150 miles in a day.
There's one just two miles
from Parker's Dominion
Creek operation
and another just one mile
from his Sulphur Creek claim.
Right now. we have
three plants running.
Dominion's going good.
and things at Sulphur.
Mitch and Brennan
are doing really well.
I really thought they were
gonna be done at Sulphur sooner.
but. you know. one of those
situations where I'm glad
it's lasted longer
because the gold's been good.
You know.
they've put away some
pretty good ounces for the size
of pit that they've done.
We're on a mission right now
trying to get to this 10.000
ounce target. and it seems
like things might heat up
a little bit on us here.
We got some fires burning
just down the creek.
They're heading this way.
but hopefully we can keep
everything motoring along here.
Mitch has been racing
to pull out all of the pay
before the water license
runs out in two weeks.
Any delays caused
by an evacuation
could mean gold is left behind.
- How's it going?
- Good. how are you?
Not too bad.
A little smoky.
Did you see
the fire on the road?
It is raging.
And you could see.
like. the line of fire.
It's pretty impressive.
I don't think it jumps
the creek. though.
so I think you're fine.
Like. the worst thing
that can happen is. like.
you know. the road's
engulfed in flames.
Yeah...
'Kay.
I mean. as long as
we got a way out.
Yeah.
I mean. as long as
those fires don't get too close
and cause us any grief.
we should be sluiced
and moved out of here
by the end of the week.
Let's just talk
to Nona real quick.
If that fire. like...
I don't think it'll make it
across Sulphur.
I-- It's very close.
Do you think it'll make it
across the valley?
Yeah. there's
a lot of trees around it.
But will this stuff burn?
Oh. yeah. with the heat
like that. anything will burn.
The wind right now is giving it
that direction. and it's burned
a lot since this morning.
- So we should see if...
we can get a helicopter
if the road's engulfed
in flames.
The helicopters are gonna be
busy with the fires.
I don't know if you're gonna
get like a helicopter
that's going to come in
every day and do that.
It'd be nice
if there was some rain.
Yeah.
we could use that for sure.
This is such a bad time
for me to leave.
I'll be gone for.
like. five days.
OK.
I mean. you guys have a good
handle on these things.
Like...
you'll probably be moved
out of here by then.
But we've got all the pay
that's at the plant right now.
so it's just a matter
of getting that sluiced.
Brennan can head down to Ken's
and start getting things
sorted out there.
We'll get this finished
and pack it up
and roll it down.
- OK. sweet.
Mitch and his crew need
to finish sluicing
all the stockpiled pay
before the fires reach Sulphur
and then move
washplant Roxanne
25 miles to Ken and Stuart's
at Indian River
and get running before
Parker's return in five days.
What we're seeing
right now is--
it's not just one fire
we got burning.
Everywhere you look here.
when the smoke does clear up.
there's fires all around us.
All it takes is the wind
to change direction.
so not ideal
by any means.
I'm hoping that
by the time I'm back.
they'll have the plant down
at Ken and Stuart's
and hope the place hasn't
burned to the ground...
which not too often
do I mean that literally.
Despite the fires two miles
away. King of the Klondike.
Tony Beets. is working
relentlessly to cash in
on red-hot gold prices
and has already banked
over $9.5 million in gold.
nearly half his season gold.
Tony's built a massive
stockpile of paydirt
beside his only moneymaker
at Indian River...
Sluice-A-Lot.
Operator Eric Morel
feeds 250 yards
of stockpiled pay an hour
through Sluice-A-Lot.
If you look in this box.
some of the wiring
is burnt right up.
But as soon as you take
the cover off. you can smell it.
and it just smelt like it was
trying to light on fire.
Well. yeah. it makes sense.
Like. that motor's always
vibrating all day.
So. one of the main wires
is burnt.
Like. the motor's out.
Yeah.
Sluice-A-Lot
shaker decks vibrate
to separate waste dirt
from the gold.
A single 40-horsepower
drive motor turns
the plant's pulley system
that shakes the decks.
but its electrical wiring has
worn through and caused a fire.
Conor and Jacob need to remove
the old 600-pound motor
and replace it with a new one.
then start the plant up
and get back on the gold.
Every hour Sluice-A-Lot is down
is costing Tony $8.000.
So pulley's on.
ready to [bleep] get
this thing up and landed.
Good. just getting
the guard on there
and fire it up.
After five hours. Sluice-A-Lot
is ready to fire up again.
What's that?
Yeah. I know.
Tony's only Indian River
moneymaker. Sluice-A-Lot.
has been fitted
with a new shaker deck motor.
but the plant has mysteriously
ground to a halt.
Oh. this is starting
to go too far
into electrician [bleep] space.
Tony has lost
$40.000 and counting
in gold production.
I put a ton of money
into this ground down
at Lightning Creek.
and I've got to get
that money back out of it.
In the mountains above
Keno City. far from the fires.
Rick Ness has
a big decision to make.
For six weeks.
he's been working
his new Lightning Creek claim.
but the gold
has been hard to find.
banking him only 29 ounces.
Days ago. he got access
to his Vegas Valley claim
on Duncan Creek.
At the beginning
of the season.
we didn't have a water license
on Vegas Valley.
but now we've got
an extension on that. too.
But I can't just abandon
Lightning Creek.
That's a lot of money wrapped up
in that. and I know there's
gold there. and I got to figure
out how to get it out.
Rick wants to try
to make this profitable.
He bought the land.
but at the end of the day.
you know. we should all be
at Vegas Valley.
There's good gold there.
and so far here.
it's not turning out the best.
Rick's crew can't comprehend
why he doesn't just leave
Lightning Creek and move back
to Vegas Valley. where there's
a pile of paydirt with upwards
of 400 ounces in it.
and a cut full
of gold-rich pay.
We need to get down there
to Vegas Valley.
get that better gold.
because this is not
having it at the moment.
You know. this is...
record-setting gold prices
right now.
At this point. we're gonna be
setting record gold lows
on the Ness crew.
The fact
of the matter is that...
I still owe Troy
100 ounces of gold
to buy Lightning Creek.
To get the gold he needs.
Rick's decided
to split his crew.
We've got. you know.
several things that need
to happen before we can
even get going here.
You know. we've got to get
a pump into Vegas Valley.
get that dewatering first hand.
not to mention we've got
a bunch of fixes to do
on Monster Red yet.
There's a fair amount to be
done. but we just gotta buckle
down and get it done.
We need the 700 to work.
It's the only way
we're gonna be able to keep
both things going.
The 700 excavator is Rick's
only free piece of equipment.
and getting it ready
is critical to his plan.
Rick wants me to do
a little look over on this.
make sure it's greased up.
We can see that the tracks
never got shoveled at the end
of last year. so that's fun.
But yeah. we'll jump up.
check fluids. get it fired up.
You know. I've got a lack
of people. a lack of machines
to do it. but I'm gonna have
to figure something out
because I think
this year is the year
to go for broke. you know.
Hey. any chance you can
come over to 700?
Got a...
Got a pretty big issue.
What are we dealing with?
So we've got a problem.
This should be coolant.
This should be all you see.
And right now. I've got
a mixture of oil and coolant.
and that's a big problem.
Basically. if there's a crack
in that head gasket.
the 700's dead.
The 700's 460-horsepower
engine won't fire up.
Ryan suspects the head gasket
that provides an airtight seal
between the cylinder head
and the engine block
has broken.
allowing oil and coolant
to mix together.
causing the engine
to stop working.
With potential damage
to the cylinders.
the whole engine
needs a total rebuild.
Yeah. that mess right there
tells me everything.
I mean. I've been worried
about getting fuel
and food up here
because of these wildfires.
I mean. how are we gonna get
an engine or anything?
Yeah.
Ah. yeah.
I might as well take
this out of the picture.
- I think so.
- Completely. right?
Rick's plans to slowly prep
Vegas Valley
are already in ruins.
If he takes any more equipment
from Lightning Creek.
he won't be able
to continue mining.
So it kind of puts you
in a predicament.
- Yeah.
- I know you're bringing gold in.
but that's not going to hit
1.800 ounces.
Dude. we've seen just the tip
of what's in Vegas Valley.
We know what's there.
1.800 ounces isn't going
to come from Lightning Creek.
It's going to come from Vegas.
And I think we got
to get over there
and get the [bleep] going.
I mean. there's a lot of [bleep]
that needs to be done.
And if we got all hands
on deck down here.
that's not going to get done.
Well. I mean. yeah. I get it.
I get where you're coming from.
I see it.
But I'm not willing to just
abandon Lightning Creek
or getting gold.
I don't like being that guy
that's like. "Hey. you need
to do your business like this."
because you're obviously.
you know what the [bleep]
you're doing.
You've made it this long.
You've done it this far.
But it's like...
At some point.
I've got to think about
[bleep] at home. too.
where it's like-- you know.
we come up here and it's...
If we don't do good here.
I fail at home.
Yeah.
So everything rides on kind
of your shoulders. honestly.
Dude. we got to make the move.
I...
I'm not just going to shut down
Lightning Creek.
I want to sluice there a bit
longer. just a couple more days.
and I just want to see
what's going on there.
- Yeah.
I want to see if it's going
to pay out.
Then we can move
to Vegas Valley.
OK.
By sluicing. for a couple more
days at Lightning Creek.
Rick will discover how good
the gold is and maybe score
enough to pay
for the ground outright.
You know. you look at
the weather today and the rain
coming down. it's really
helped us out.
After a night
and day of rainfall.
the wildfires are out.
It looks like we've got about
two more scoops of material here
at Sulphur to go
through Roxanne.
We're gonna get this washplant
shut down. cleaned up.
packed up. and on the road
down to Ken's. and hopefully
we've got her fired back up here
before Parker shows up.
Now. Mitch is racing
to finish sluicing Sulphur.
reclaim the land.
then move washplant Roxanne
to Ken and Stuart's
at Indian River.
All right. Mitch. that's it.
Last scoop here at Roxanne.
Yeah. sounds good. boss.
Mitch's crew work quickly
to clean out the sluices.
So here at Sulphur.
the last cleanup. we've had
a lot of gold coming out
of this ground. so it's been
a huge success.
Next.
they pack down Roxanne and get
her ready to travel 25 miles
down to Ken and Stuart's.
- You ready
for this. buddy?
- Yeah. man.
It's been a while since
you moved to washplant.
- [bleep] yeah.
Well. this one's pretty good as
far as moving the shaker deck.
but the biggest problem here
is the sluice runs.
They're so wide.
So right now.
I'm going to send
Jack with the shaker
deck first.
We'll grab the sluice runs.
and get them down there.
- OK.
- Then we can put
everything together.
Roxanne is transported
in two loads.
The shaker deck goes first
on the back of a lowboy.
Mitch hauls the oversized
sluice runs in a second truck.
and Brennan goes ahead
in the pilot car.
All right. here we go!
They're going to see us rolling
with this one. that's for sure.
You can see just
how narrow this is.
We're already rubbing the trees
here with the sluice runs.
So. this is the million dollar
question here is if those
sluice runs are
gonna clear that bridge
without having
to jack them way up.
I was wondering about that.
So. the bridge is going to be
one of our big pinch points.
I think it's going
to be tight now.
We measured it up.
Looks like we should have
a half inch of clearance.
but we won't know until we get
there. but we're going
to find out here real soon.
The 27 foot wide sluice boxes
need to pass across a bridge
with a width restriction
of just 21 feet.
To get the load across.
the outside edges
of the sluice runs
need to be above
the bridge structure.
I'm going to keep creeping it
ahead. but you're going to need
to be down here eyeballing it
and tell me when to stop
if it's going to get
[bleep]. right?
- Yeah.
I mean. the worst case
scenario here. dude.
is we give this thing a try
and we get out here
in the middle
and we get stuck.
There's no working
on it from here.
Yeah. exactly.
OK. I'm gonna do this.
OK. you guys are gonna have
to get way back.
The sluice runs have
a clearance of just
half an inch above
the bridge railings.
Keep coming. buddy!
Oh man. it's almost dragging.
Oh-ho!
Come on. come on. come on.
come on. don't snag!
Whoa!
Dude. that couldn't have been
any closer.
You couldn't have put your
fingers between where we had.
you know. the top of that
bridge and the bottom
of these sluice runs here.
There it is!
We've made it into the cut!
Whoo!
There it is!
Over the past eight years.
Parker's leased ground
at Ken and Stuart's
has delivered nearly
7.000 ounces of gold.
This season. he wants at least
another 2.000 ounces
from the claims.
Ken and Stuart's ground.
you know. it's. like.
not the greatest grade.
and we're paying royalties.
but it's a massive block
of ground that I don't want
to lose. and. you know.
it's very hard to lease ground.
particularly not when the price
of gold's really good.
So I'm just heading
to see Mitch and Brennan
and see what
they've got going on.
Oh. they have
a washplant running.
They literally just fired up.
Nice.
Thanks for getting
this thing going.
- I appreciate it.
- She's sluicing!
You guys make this look easy.
At least from my standpoint.
it looked easy.
I left and you were sluicing
in one spot. and I came back
and you're sluicing in another.
And yeah. Mitch.
you're getting a big gold star.
I actually should have
Chris pour a big gold star.
I might just do that.
Well. it's really nice
we had Roxanne fired up
before Parker got back.
So our next step here is just
to try and get this sluiced
as fast as we can.
And we're gonna try
and turn all that dirt
into a big pile of gold.
On Indian River. Tony's main
moneymaker. Sluice-A-Lot.
has been down for four days
after the shaker
deck motor burnt out
and its replacement failed.
Yeah. Tony can call me once
every two years or 12 times
in the same month.
It just depends on what they're
wrecking that day.
Electrician James MacKrell has
worked with mining machinery
for over 30 years.
So we fired
the new motor on.
just like spin slowly
and then it's like. "No."
Then it goes
into overload fault?
Yeah.
22 overload fault.
Yeah. which is. I think
the problem is the soft start.
What we're gonna do is.
we're gonna hard start it.
We're gonna bypass it.
- OK. cool.
- We're gonna hard start it.
Sluice-A-Lot's generator
has a soft start system that
gradually increases power to
the shaker deck's drive motor
to prevent it from being
damaged by an electrical
overload when it starts.
James believes the generator's
soft start safeguard is faulty
and is not supplying enough
electricity. so wants to bypass
it to deliver the power needed
for the motor to fire up.
This option is.
shall we say. the bush fix.
and I'll get them
up and running again.
and then Tony can decide
if he wants to replace
that soft start
or keep running this way.
Now let's give her the full
deal and see what happens.
All right.
I bet you that
just went into overload.
The hard start fix fails.
So far. downtime has cost Tony
an estimated three quarters
of a million dollars
in lost production.
Quite a few days without it
making money. so it's not good.
All right. let's look
for better ways to do this.
Yeah.
The generator's just undersized
to hard start this unit
without the soft start in.
You know what?
Probably the simplest solution.
bring over a bigger generator.
It's four days since
Tony Beets's main moneymaker.
Sluice-A-Lot.
shut down.
Electrician James has
bypassed its soft startup.
but still failed to fire up
the shaker deck's drive motor.
Oh. if that engine was
just slightly bigger.
you'd get away with this.
With hard starting it. yeah.
Does that thing have
a soft start?
I don't think it does.
We'll find out.
Sluice-A-Lot's
current generator
has a maximum power
of 100 kilowatts.
Tony's CAT 3406 replacement
kicks out four times
more power.
To prep
the five-ton generator.
Tony plans to weld it
to the front of his
50-year-old pipe layer
and drive the hybrid monster
one mile to Sluice-A-Lot.
We've been down for four days.
so that's a lot of ounces
we're missing.
and with the gold
prize these days.
that's a lot of money.
Everything's all connected.
waiting on a generator.
And then we'll make power.
All we have to do when it gets
here is just connect that cable
into the generator.
Is he driving that thing down?
I don't know. if he's the one
driving it. it probably won't
take too long. so...
After just 30 minutes.
Tony's mobilized
monster generator
arrives at Sluice-A-Lot.
All hooked up
and ready to roll.
Ready?
After four days shut down...
Tony is back on the gold.
If Tony's washing rocks.
and he's happy. yeah.
He puts gold in the box.
and then he can
give it to me. so.
- Rick for Bailey?
- Yeah. go ahead. man.
Shut down Lightning Creek.
We'll move it back
to Vegas Valley.
Sounds good to me. man.
Yeah. we're just about to send
the last load of pay
over to Rocky.
Rick made a call saying that
we're all going to be done here
and we're going to head down
to Vegas Valley.
and start hitting it hard
down there.
Well. here it is.
We've got the final bucket
of dirt from Lightning Creek.
And we are...
officially finished here.
Off to Vegas Valley we go.
Rick Ness is changing gears.
After running a final
couple of days pay.
he's shutting down
his Lightning Creek claim
and going all in
on Vegas Valley.
All right. we've got
the 460 down here now.
Game plan is we'll be getting
the water pump in Vegas Valley.
We'll go through it.
make sure it's good to go.
Then we'll get
our discharge line ran.
So we've got
quite a bit of work to do.
Rick's plan?
Set up a pump to drain the 30
feet of water from the cut
while the rest of the team
moves equipment and preps
washplant Monster Red
to run a stockpile of paydirt.
Well. we've got a long ways
to go. but we should be spending
the rest of the summer here.
So pump's just about ready.
I think the first step is just
getting it in where it fits in.
Get that water getting
the [bleep] out of there.
We'll get on it.
- I like it. thanks.
- All right. m an.
What's he doing?
We ready?
We got our 12-inch pump
ready to go.
She's a monster.
Just got to get down here
around the corner.
I'll get the lines hooked up.
and we can start dewatering
Vegas Valley.
It's a big step.
It gives us one step closer
to the gold
that's in Vegas Valley.
and we know
that gold's good. so...
We're going to get this
done and get it done
in a [bleep] hurry.
That's all shallow.
You're going to have to try
to get it in that corner.
Where?
Like all the way out?
I think we just
try to go all the way
and see how tough it is.
We've got sections here.
in here that are way deeper
than what you think.
Right here. it's probably going
to be 30 foot higher than what
we have in that corner right
there from ending last season.
if not more.
So we've got to be careful.
The $100.000 pump can move
5.000 gallons a minute and will
drain Vegas Valley down
to gold-rich pay in three days.
Yeah. we can come
forward a little bit.
We're good right there.
So. we got the pump into place.
Now we're just bringing
the intake line down there.
We're going to attach
that to the pump.
Throw the suction end
into the water.
Then we'll come back
and get the discharge line.
Set that in there.
And after that. we just turn it
on and let the water get
the [bleep] out of our hole.
It's at a [bleep] up angle.
And we're in a spot
where we're easily going
to [bleep] bend this thing.
And it's like-- I can't throw
that end out there first.
I don't know where the [bleep]
it's going to end.
Yeah.
Here. I think if you bring it
in and lower it.
the two of us
can be lifting up.
Kyle can be sticking
the bolt in.
You got a pinch bar
or anything to get it?
No. but I've got
some long bolts.
- We'll make it work.
- OK.
To attach the suction hose
to the pump. Rick needs to move
his 460 excavator dangerously
close to the water's edge.
I don't know
what's underneath me.
Is that thing a little
heavy for that?
OK. all right.
right there.
Now. if he goes down...
Hey. hold on.
Got it.
- All right.
Pump connected.
Rick is one step closer
to getting gold
from Vegas Valley.
All right. you want to fire
this thing up?
OK.
Oh. there she goes.
Whoa!
We are pumping water. boys!
All this water's coming out
of Vegas Valley.
Gets us that much closer
to the gold down there.
[bleep] ready to see some.
I'm nervous
about Lightning Creek.
Hopefully it's got gold
in it for Troy.
I'm relieved that
we're moving back here.
We've got one last chance here
at Vegas Valley.
We've got to treat it
like the last chance again.
You know. we've got till
November on our extension.
and we're going
to [bleep] scrape it clean.
get everything we can
out of it.
All the gold.
What's going on?
All eyes are
on Heather Folster to see
if Lightning Creek's
last gold weigh
will hit the 100 ounces
Rick needs
to pay Troy Taylor.
You want to give that a swirl?
- That's the first to the first.
- That's a lot of gold.
That's a lot better
than it was.
It's another drop in the bucket
towards 1.800 ounces.
It might get us to
where I can pay Troy.
Eh oh!
Well. Heather got done
cleaning up the gold
from the last run
at Lightning Creek.
We said. "It actually
looks pretty good."
I can definitely tell...
It was enough to justify
staying there for another run.
so that's I'm happy about that.
Rick Ness has hit pause
on his Lightning Creek claim
to pursue Vegas Valley.
but he still needs to see it
deliver good gold to prove
it's a viable spot.
Based on the runtime.
he's hoping for at least
50 ounces this week.
Did the ground
looked any better?
Lightning Creek
on this last run?
Yeah. it definitely seemed
like a little bit better
than like the normal stuff.
like less bedrock.
more [bleep] pay. so.
The boulders are getting
a little bigger.
Yeah. yeah.
So I take it the 700's dead?
The 700. we thought
we pinpointed the problem.
We saw it failed.
so I think we're in deeper.
We're going to be
into a head or worse. so...
that leaves basically
just the 750.
Hey. Rick!
- Hello.
- What's going on?
Ah. you know.
all the best stuff.
Got a bottle of gold. though.
- Let's see
what we got. man.
- Yep.
Last week. the Boulder Cut
only delivered 22 ounces.
Here we go.
One...
5...
12...
20...
30...
50...
50.4.
[bleep] yeah.
That's not bad.
[bleep] yeah. that's way better
than the last two combined.
- [bleep] right.
- You're moving
the right way.
Yeah.
It's Rick's best gold
weigh of the season
and pushes his total
to 80 ounces.
but leaves him 20 ounces short
of what he owes Troy Taylor.
I mean. at the end of the day.
that's damn near 150 grand.
So. happy we stayed there.
but we're going to be leaving
Lightning Creek.
You know. we're leaving it
behind for the season.
It's just going to have
to happen. right?
Like. for
the foreseeable future.
I mean. at least
the gold's there. though.
Yeah. you're leaving it
on a high note.
Exactly.
We're leaving it
with a positive. and you know.
we put some gold towards
our total. and we still have
a long ways to go. but...
You only need a little bit
more to pay off Troy.
Yeah.
But it's in the pile
at Vegas Valley.
- We know that.
- [bleep] yeah. man.
- Let's [bleep] do it.
- Awesome.
Well. you know. we got
50 ounces of gold this week.
It's a small dent in the total
we're trying to get.
1.800 ounces. but that's why
we're doing what we're going
to do. right?
We're putting all of our--
all of our resources
into Vegas Valley.
because that's where
we know the gold is. you know.
It sucks to leave
Lightning Creek.
We're just getting to learn it.
and we got 50 ounces of gold
out of it.
But that's the name
of the game.
You know where the gold is.
and the gold's
in Vegas Valley this year.
Hi. guys.
- Hola.
- Hello.
Well. she's still sluicing.
How's it going
with the trommel?
Slowly. because every time I
seem to take one step forward.
I find three other things
I have to fix.
so that's three
steps back.
- Yeah.
- So how
are things here?
We sluiced a bit. but not
as much as we like to.
We had some electrical issues.
so we had
to get an electrician.
We had to wait for that.
We can fix things.
but electricity is not
our thing. so...
How many days
did you really sluice?
So we sluiced two days
and two nights.
Still not
too bad. though.
- Nope.
- Can we weigh it up?
So far. Tony has averaged
330 ounces of gold per week
from the Indian River.
OK. it's 10. 20. 30. 40...
50. 60. 70. 80. 90...
100. 110. 120...
121.10.
Worth $420.000.
but much less
than he could have gotten
if they'd run all week.
Ready to count. Mike?
Mike's been sluicing old-timer
tailings at the hills.
and it should deliver
50 ounces a week.
Ten...
20...
36.88.
Probably ran
about five days.
No.
Even though Mike's gold is
worth over $100.000. Tony wants
a record-breaking season.
and that means Paradise Hill
needs to deliver
much bigger hauls.
That's--
Yeah. I agree.
Then maybe you can start
bringing in some real gold.
Ouch.
No. it does. yeah.
Like. not rerun tailings.
Sounds like a plan. dude.
- Goodbye.
- OK.
Bye.
Those fires were impressive.
Yeah. that was crazy.
It came out of nowhere.
And all of a sudden.
it's like. "man.
"it's really cloudy
this morning.
Uh. that's not clouds.
that's smoke."
It's smoky enough
around here. I'd skip
my breakfast cigar.
But yeah. and then we had.
even with all the fires giving
us grief. we did manage to get
the last of it sluiced.
You wanna see how you guys
finished up?
Let's do it.
Despite battling wildfires.
Mitch still managed to wash
the last of the gold-rich
Sulphur pay. which last week
delivered 302 ounces.
That's the last of Sulphur?
- Yes.
- Let's do it.
All right. we got 50...
100...
150...
200...
221.2.
Nice.
That's a solid. solid end.
Yeah.
Sulphur produced
over 1.300 ounces.
- Nice.
- Quite impressive.
Yeah.
Next up. Parker's
Dominion Creek Gold.
First. the Golden Mile Cut.
which has averaged
200 ounces a week.
20. 40...
120. 140. 160...
200. 230. 250...
273.15.
- Wow!
- Amazing. wow!
- Sick.
- That was a good week.
And then Bob has just been
chugging away.
- Yeah.
- Old faithful.
Bob in the Bridge Cut
has averaged
160 ounces a week.
20. 40. 80...
100. 120...
140. 160. 200. 212...
216.15.
- That's a good week.
- Super good.
This week we have 710.5.
We broke 700 ounces
in one week.
Worth $2.5 million.
The total for the season
is 4.251.7 ounces.
We're definitely on track
for our 10.000.
We're in good shape. you guys.
- Keep it that way.
- Yeah.
Hopefully
we'll make some more.
- Let's do it.
- Thank you. guys.
You bet.
- You're good. Chris?
- Yep. I'm good.
See you. dude.
Well. it was so cool
to get Sulphur done.
Great project there.
Produced a lot of gold.
It was definitely a tricky move
there. but Roxanne is down
on a whole bunch
of ground at Ken's.
Excited to see
what it has to produce.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org